DC-DC Converter - Buckeye Current 2014-15
Design by:  Victor Brechbill
Flyback converter topology using TI UCC 28710 uC


This DC-DC converter is intended for use on the Buckeye Current RW-3 Electric Motorcycle to 
regulate the HV battery pack to +12VDC as power for the low voltage electronic systems.

Testing has been performed at this point with a 300V supply limited to 1A, and a 6 ohm
resistive load.  The primary and secondary grounds have been connected to allow probing of
both sides simulataneously.  


Current status of testing:

The controller appears to to perform the startup operation described in section 8.4.4 of the 
datasheet, switching the FET three times with a short impulse blip.  This can be seen in
scope capture ~05 in the containing folder.  It then looks as if it is trying to start up
as it produces a DRV signal to the gate of significant duty cycle, but then returns to 
a reset procedure.  The circuit behaves this way for a few cycles on startup, and then remains 
in a low power state where it just produces the initial three pulses with no significant switch 
following.

The screen captures 6 and 16 show in more detail the quick pulses at startup, and the screen
captures 7, 14 and 15 show in more detail the waveform when the controller "tries" to enter
normal operation.


I initially assumed that the controller must be getting a bad measurement that causes it to
reset, but this was when the circuit was experiencing worse ringing than seen in these 
tests.  I was able to improve this ringing and now the measurement signals VS and CS seem
fairly stable.

The max current threshold for CS is 0.75V, but from the 0.25ohm shunt this would require a
primary current of 3A.  This is not possible with the testing setup.  There is a bit of 
ringing on CS as seen in scope capture ~16, but CS is sampled when DRV is high, not when
this ringing exists.

The VS signal does not seem to have any significant issues.

This is now the second controller that has been tested.  Any suggestions for further
improvements, modifications, or tests would be greatly appreciated.

